.\" 
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2011, Stephane Sezer
.\" All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"     * Neither the name of Stephane Sezer nor the names of its contributors
.\"       may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"       without specific prior written permission.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL Stephane Sezer BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
.\" INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
.\" (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
.\" LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
.\" ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" 
.\" 

.TH DPLBCK-RESTORE 1 "2011" "" ""

.SH NAME
dplbck-restore \- restore a backup from a remote storage

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dplbck restore [
.I options
.B ] <
.I storage
.B > <
.I backup
.B >

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dplbck restore
restores a previously made backup from a remote storage to the current
directory.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B -C, --change-dir \fIDIRECTORY\fR
chdir() into
.I DIRECTORY
before executing the command.

.TP
.B -i, --interactive
Interactively ask for the name of the backup to restore if none was
specified on the command line.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose\fI[=LEVEL]\fR
Verbosity level. Possible values are
.I debug\fR,
.I verbose\fR,
.I info\fR,
.I warning\fR,
.I error\fR.
Defaults to
.I verbose
if no
.I LEVEL
is specified.

.TP
.B -o, --log-file \fIFILE\fR
Redirect all the output to
.I FILE\fR.

.TP
.B -e, --exclude \fIPATTERN\fR
Exclude files matching
.I PATTERN
when traversing the local filesystem. Multiple combinations of
.B --exclude
options are possible.

.TP
.B -E, --exclude-file \fIFILE\fR
Read
.I FILE
for exclude patterns (see the
.B --exclude
option).
.I FILE
shoud contain one exclude pattern per line. Multiple
.B --exclude-file
options are possible.

.TP
.B -p, --profile
Profile to use with the
.I dpl
storage backend.

.TP
.B -d, --profile-dir
Directory in which the
.I dpl
profile should be searched.

.SH RETURN VALUE
.B dplbck restore
returns 0 on success, and non-zero on error.

.SH BUGS
Please send problems, bugs, questions, desirable enhancements, patches
etc. to sas@cd80.net.

.SH AUTHOR
Stephane Sezer <sas@cd80.net>

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dplbck (1),
.BR dplbck-backup (1),
.BR dplbck-delete (1)
.BR dplbck-list (1)
.BR dplbck-purge (1)
